Elon Musk's SpaceX
Wait, that doesn't sound right. Just
released Grok 4.5. And not only in some
of the benchmarks, it is reaching to
Claude Fable 5, but it is significantly
cheaper. So, in other words, the quality
to price ratio of this model is better
than any other model out there. And that
makes it a great candidate for us to do
algo trading research with it. As
always, what I'm curious about is
whether this model can write me trading
strategies, run back test optimization,
and also Monte Carlo in order to make
sure that the strategies that it is
developing for me are not overfit. So,
that's exactly what I'm going to do in
this video. I'm going to test the model
and ask it to write me real-world
strategies. Before we continue, I got to
mention I am not a financial advisor,
and this video is for educational
purposes only. So, with that out of the
way, let's get right to the video.
Now, here's the blog post released by
the Grok team, and here are the
benchmarks. So, you see in this one, it
is right behind GPT-5. In this one, in
this one, it is right before Opus 4.8.
In this one, it is number one, so it's
even beating Fable. And in this one, it
is very close to Fable and GPT-5.5. But
in this one, Fable is beating everything
out of the water. Now, one thing we have
to consider is that not only the price
of this model is significantly cheaper,
but it is also significantly faster in
execution. And it is apparently also
more efficient in token usage. So, that
means that not only you'll you'll be
getting a good enough quality, but you
will also get it at a very much faster
face. Now, a little bit of spoiling of
the video, that's exactly what I got at
the end of it. So, the result that I
got, it was significantly faster than
any other model that I have seen. But
anyways, I don't want to expose just
everything. So, let's continue. Here, it
is claiming that this model is faster
than flash models, and the speed is 80
TPS or token per second, which is
absolutely amazing. And you see it is
also 4.2 times more efficient than Opus
4.8 in token usage, which is of course
amazing. Now, for the algo trading side
of things, as always, I'll be using the
just framework, which also gives us an
MCP, which I can just connect it to my
agent
the work. And for the editor, I'm going
to be using the Zed editor, which is my
new favorite code editor. It is written
in Rust. It is extremely fast and just
amazing, and it is also free to get
started with. All right. Now, as for
about the prompt, I've prepared this,
which by the way, I will open source
this and put it on GitHub and link to it
in the description of the video in case
you want to copy and paste it. But, I
will read it very fast because this is
the most important part of the video.
Hey there. Do research and find me three
trading strategies. Each one of them
should have a sharp ratio above one
since the beginning of the year until
beginning of July. They should be trend
following, include both and short
positions filtered by a market regime
indicator, such as the ADX, so trades
only fire in trending conditions, and
risk 3% of the account capital per each
trade. However, since we are in a bear
market, I want them to have more focus
on short trades. And the entry rules for
short and long positions should not
necessarily be the same. In the first
strategy, once the position is open,
close it using a trailing stop based on
some sort of indicator. In the second
strategy, close the position using a
fixed multiple of ATR from entry. You
can test them on BTC, ETH, and SOL,
Trump, Melania, and DOGE on the hourly
and 4-hour time frames. The strategies
should trade these symbols individually
or altogether. Every time you develop a
strategy, validate the results using a
statistical significance test before
writing the full strategy. Only proceed
if the strategy's metrics demonstrate
genuine statistical significance. Feel
free to use optimization to improve the
results. At the end, apply Monte Carlo
simulations to ensure the results are
not overfit. Continue until you find
strategies that fully meet the criteria
requested. Do not prompt me in the
meanwhile. Good luck. And by the way,
guys, I am using the Z editor, and the
way that I am using Grok 4.5 is by
picking it from here. So, I have already
added my Open Router credentials, and
now I I am able to pick whichever model
that's being offered by them. And if I
simply look it up, I can easily find
Grok 4.5 and pick it. Now, the catch is
that at the moment of recording the
video, Grok 4.5 is not available to EU
citizens, and the way I am accessing it
is by simply using a VPN. Because if I
were to use a an EU IP, this would have
gave me an error. And by the way, here
there is a typo, so let's fix it. All
right. So, everything looks good. Let's
just hit enter and wait for the agent to
do the research. However, there is one
thing that I would always like to do.
So, I'm just going to copy this, delete
it, and first I will say, "Hey, do you
have access to Jesse MCP? Can you do
research for me?" and hit enter. So, the
reason I'm doing this because I want to
ensure that my setup is working before I
give the agent some sort of task that is
really huge. Because if it doesn't have
access to the correct tool, then it
would be pointless for me. All right, so
it turns out my VPN wasn't working, so
I'm just going to fix that. All right,
so it seems to be figured out, so let's
retry this, and this time hopefully it
should work. And there we go. So, yes,
it has access to Jesse MCP. It says that
everything is fine. All right, so let's
begin the actual research process. So,
I'm going to paste back to our prompt
and hit enter. All right. So, as you can
see, it is using the MC tool just fine.
It is listing the indicators that it has
access to. It's getting details because
it is preparing to start writing
strategies. And it is a thinking model,
of course, so it's going to do lots of
thinking. And here also, if I hover my
mouse on it, I can see the context. So,
12% has been already used and this model
has 500 thousand context window, which
is pretty big. So, it's not 1 million
like Opus, that is how I would like it
to be, but it's still 500 thousand is a
lot. So, hopefully it's going to be more
than enough for our use case. All right.
So, I'm going to go back and come back
later until this one is updated. All
right. So, I faced one issue and that
was because the limit for my API key had
reached. So, this isn't really something
you should worry about. Just ensure that
the API key that you generate on
OpenRouter has enough credit allowance.
However, next I faced another issue and
I cannot actually see it here to show it
to you, but it was about the context
window. And looking at here, we can see
that 75% of the context window is full
and apparently the request that it tries
to send it is passing this number and as
a result OpenRouter is returning an
error. Now, the thing is the Z editor
recently added an option for auto
compacting, which is really helpful here
because if it compacts the values here,
then we won't have this issue. But I
think the problem is this that the
threshold is set to 90%. So, if we lower
this to, let's say, 70% and hit retry,
hopefully it should be resolved because
now it tries to compact the context
first and then continue everything by
itself. So, apparently it's getting
errors even for compacting stuff. So,
I'm guessing that if we start over, it's
going to work this time. So, I will just
go up here and press enter again. So,
now the context window is cleared again
and this time we have the auto
compacting option set to 70%. So,
hopefully we won't face the same issue
again. Now guys, I could have deleted
this part from the video, but I didn't
because I think this is some sort of
issue that you might also face. So, I
wanted to include that in the video. So,
you guys know how to deal with it if you
face the same issue. And you might be
wondering, "Okay, so why didn't you face
this issue before?" Well, in the
previous videos I was using tools such
as Cloud Code or OpenAI Codex and with
those tools, they handle the auto
compacting by themselves. So, I never
had to worry about it. Sure, I was still
using my Z editor, but those tools were
the ones actually handling the auto
compacting and context management stuff.
But, now that I'm using the Z editor's
built-in agent window, I have to worry
about this. But, thankfully recently
they added that option which allows us
to auto compact. So, I just needed to
change its default threshold from 90
into 70. All right, so the results are
in and it actually took only 11 minutes.
Now, it is removed from here probably
because I gave it another prompt after
this. So, you're just going to have to
trust my word, but it only took 11
minutes for it to meet the criteria that
I had set for the model. That means
three strategies with a sharp ratio
above one. And here's the output. It
gave me couple of tables and URLs for me
to check out the results on the
dashboard with some pretty charts and
stuff. However, I found it to be just a
little bit all over the place because it
gave me like multiple tables and that
just wasn't fine. So, I said, "You know
what? Give me just one table with all
the results combined." And it gave me
this which is perfect. But, before I
open it, I want to show you this that it
also gave me report files and these are
really great. So, for example, let's
open this one and you see it's in the
markdown format. So, if I press command,
shift, and V on my macOS machine, I can
see the rendered result of the markdown
format on my Z editor. And here you can
see that it's telling me this was the
objective, this is the target, the
exchange that it used, how much to risk
per each trade, and the style of the
strategy, and things like that, and a
pretty summary of it. Then we can see
the entry validation or the RST, which
is stands for rule significance test,
which basically tells us if the entry
rules of the strategy were just pure
luck or if there was some sort of edge
in it. And you can see the P value is
really low, which is a great sign that
the entry rules of the strategy were
definitely not noise and there was some
sort of edge in them. And it also give
me the URL for the dashboard. So, if I
wanted to open it in the dashboard, I
could have just click on this. And then
we can see that it's telling me about
the iterations that it took. So, what
was the first version of the strategy
that it wrote, what was the second one,
and what was the final one. And here's
the results of the final strategy. So,
the max drawdown is minus 26%, the net
profit is 83%, the sharp is 1.93, which
is absolutely great, the number of
trades that it took, and things like
that. Next, we have the result of the
Monte Carlo simulation, which is
basically a stress test, which tells us
whether or not the strategy is going to
be overfit or not. Or to put it better
in a more statistical term, it will tell
us how likely the strategy is to be
overfit because you can never be 100%
sure if the strategy is going to be
overfit or not. It's just an estimation
and this is exactly what gives us to us.
And this is also the result. It just
doesn't have the chart. Like otherwise,
I didn't even need to open the Monte
Carlo page. So, anyways, next we can see
that it's telling me, "Okay, did it
reach the target?" Yes, it did. And then
the recommended next step. And we can do
this for all the other ones. So, we have
two more here. Next, let's take a look
at the table that it gave me, so I can
just open the results on the dashboard
so we can see it. So, the backtest of
the first one, the RSC, and the Monte
Carlo. Now, I want to begin with the
significance rule test because this one
is the first priority when you want to
develop a strategy because if the entry
rule of the strategy is noise, and it
doesn't have an actual edge in it, then
all the other results that you're going
to get for it will be meaningless. This
is really important to always begin
with. And in our case, you can see that
yes, this would have been the return of
the strategy in the simulation, and
these are the simulations that were pure
noise. And the fact that the strategy's
returns are significantly higher than
these is a great great sign. And here
you can also see the results translation
from the dashboard. It's telling us that
it is exceptionally strong evidence of
genuine edge. And here we can see the DP
value. Here is the annualized return,
the observed mean, and then we can see
the number of simulations that were
executed, which is 2,000. All right, so
this looks awesome. Let's close it. Now,
while that's going, I want to quickly
remind you guys about our Telegram. It's
the fastest way to get notified about my
future work, whether it's a new tutorial
or a tool that I create. Also, don't
forget to check out our free Discord
where more than 5,000 members like you
and I are hanging out there and helping
out each other with algo trading so we
can all succeed together. The links for
both are down in the description. Next,
we have the result of the backtest
itself. Now, here's the equity curve,
and here's a log version of it. So, we
can see while all the other assets, so
BTC, ETH, and SOL, and DOGE, while they
were all going down, we were making
money here. However, one thing I noticed
is that the strategy only makes money if
there's a huge crash. So, for example,
in this case. You see, but if the price
is in a range, it will slightly bleed.
So, this is something to be aware of,
but then again here we had a huge crash
and so the the strategy's equity curve
just started going up again. So, if
you're going to trade a strategy like
this, you have to be prepared for a low
win rate and the fact that for months it
wasn't doing great because the market
was in a range. So, this shouldn't be
the only strategy that you're trading or
otherwise it's going to be super hard
for you mentally to just wait and let
the strategy do its thing. Next, we have
the five worst max drawdown periods.
This one is the obvious one of course.
Next, we can see the monthly returns.
So, we have three months in green and
three months in negative, but the months
in green are significantly higher, which
is why the annual return is also really
high. Next, we can also take a look at
the metrics of the strategy. So, the P&L
was 82% and by the way, guys, this is
not for the whole year. So, we need to
also remember that. The max drawdown is
minus 26%. The average win to loss ratio
is three, which is a really important
metric for us. The annual return is
240%.
The max underwater period is 116 days.
Again, what I just explained with the
psychology side of the strategy. So,
this one's going to be really hard to
execute mentally. The win rate is 41%,
which basically means only four out of
every 10 trades that the strategy was
taking was in profit and the sharp ratio
is 1.93. And the average trades that we
took per month was 8. 58. So, this is
also pretty important. So, do not expect
a strategy like this to take trades like
every day. Next, we can see the result
of the Monte Carlo simulation, which
will basically tell us how likely the
result of the strategy is to be overfit.
So, you see the original sharp ratio was
two, the median was 1. almost four, and
the best 5% of the simulations was 3.66.
So, the strategy is not likely to be
overfit. It is significantly lower than
the best 5% and pretty close to the
median. So, this is a really good result
and the number of scenarios that we took
in this simulation was 200. So, some
people say increase this to like 500 to
1,000. You could do that, but in my
personal test, even 100 was enough for
most cases, but 200 is definitely more
than enough for me. Next, let's take a
quick look at the backtesting and the
Monte Carlo of the other two strategies.
So, this is the result of the
backtesting of this one. Well, sure, it
is making more money during the
downturns, but in the ranging markets,
this one is bleeding significantly
higher than the first strategy. So, this
is not really a good sign and I don't
really think I would want to trade this
one at all. So, let's just jump into the
third strategy. Here's the result of its
backtest. So, again, I would say it is
bleeding more during the ranging market
and this is not really a good sign, but
overall, the result isn't that bad and
if you take a look at the Monte Carlo
result of it, you can see the original
backtest had a sharp ratio of 1.28
while the median was 1.56 and the best
5% was 3.40. So, the strategy is not
likely to be overfit or in better terms,
it is less likely to be overfit and I
like these results, but again, I don't
think this one is holding a candle
compared to the first result that we
got. So, all in all, I would say this is
really good result. However, before you
go and jump and start trading this
strategy or something like this,
remember that you should backtest it on
out of sample. So, in this case, we were
using only this year's result, but
before actually starting to use it, you
need to run it on previous year's data,
but that's also going to be some sort of
personal judgement because the thing is
this year's market was very different
than previous years that I've seen. It
was definitely bear market, but not an
obvious one. It's not like we had a real
bear market followed by a bear market.
So, that's not what we got. So, it was
very different. And the reason that I
asked the agent to generate strategies
that were more focused on shorting was
because I believe that we are still in a
bear market. But if my belief is wrong,
there's a good chance that these
strategies are going to stop working.
So, I might also run a back test for it
for, let's say, 2022 because it was a
similar year. But overall, in algo
trading you want to back test your
strategy on as much data as possible to
gain more confidence in it before
actually risking your hard-earned money.
Now, in case you are curious to know how
much tokens I just burned for this
experiment using the Grok 4.5 model,
well, here's the result. I spent about
$18 on it, more than 13 million tokens
in total with a cash hit rate of 81%.
Now, for $18, which is almost 20, you
could definitely get a subscription plan
of a provider such as Anthropic, OpenAI,
GLM, you name it. So, there are so many
options out there. And if you're going
to spend this much, I don't think it's
feasible to spend it on API tokens. Now,
the Grok team or xAI is offering their
own coding plans, apparently, and they
begin from $30. But the CLI, which I'm
guessing is the one that we need, is
called Super Grok Heavy. So, the light
or this plan is not going to be enough
for us for coding. And the Grok Heavy
begins from $100 per month, and this is
just for 3 months. So, after that, it's
going to be $300 per month. Now, for the
amount of tokens that they are offering,
this might be good for you, but I
personally do not find this a good
enough deal because on Anthropic, for
example, you can get the starting max
plan for just $100, and it will be more
than enough. So, I don't think the Grok
team is offering a good deal at the
moment. So, even though that the
performance of the model was really
good, this was just over the API. And
sure, apple-to-apple comparison, like if
you were to compare the Grok API to
another API such as, let's say, Claude
Opus or Fable, yes, this this Grok model
would have been a better deal. But now
that we have subscription plans on other
providers, I don't think it is exactly
what I would want to use. So, just be
careful about that. And as always, I
will be submitting these strategies that
I just showed you guys to our strategy
index page, where you can browse
previously submitted strategies by me or
others. And you can also click on a
certain strategy and get to see its
results for different trading periods,
symbols, or time frames, which is pretty
helpful. You can also get the source
code of the strategies by clicking here,
of course. I hope you guys enjoyed the
video. If you did, please like the video
and let me know what you think in the
comment sections. And make sure to
subscribe to the channel because I
release tutorials just like this one all
the time. Thank you so much for
watching. I'll see you in the next one.
