Your AI is being blocked by X, Reddit,
YouTube, Instagram, so many other sites.
I have a tool that unlocks it. And
instead of giving you outdated
information, it zeros in on the last 30
days so you can research people before
meetings, find trending topics, learn
about new album drops, make better
polyarket decisions, see what's making
money today, and so much more. We got
the founder of the last 30 days skill.
Let's get into it. Presented by Zapier,
the AI automation company. What are we
looking at?
>> Yeah. So, I just typed in last slash
last 30 days Fable 5 versus GPT56.
And so, it it ran it um and then it
created in about usually we can see how
long it took. It took 14 minutes for
this one. So, there's a lot of content
that I pulled in. Usually, I'd say it
takes about 5 to seven minutes.
>> Mhm.
>> And uh here's the the quick verdict.
This is the first true Mythos class
showdown. And the community sees a race
between capabilities and access rather
than a simple benchmark war.
>> Wait, why should I even care what all
these people say? Why is this any better
than me doing a basic Google search or
Twitter search?
>> In January, I felt like I was having
trouble keeping up with prompting
techniques where I was like, "Okay, this
new thing came out. Like, how do I
prompt it?" And the best content I found
was on X and Reddit for prompting at the
time. And it was in like like weird
niche communities like Local Llama,
which is like people that are like
taking Facebook's open- source project
and like doing interesting things with
it. Like literally local llama for the
longest time was the best place for
geeky content. And so that's where I was
going to search for stuff. And so I
always wanted to know what is the best
prompting technique in the last 30 days,
but I only want stuff that's 30 days old
because the prompts and everything was
changing so quickly.
>> How could I do that? So kind of one
problem is like recency. You go and
you're like okay best way to use cloud
code and you find an article that was
really really popular 6 months ago and
it's completely irrelevant even though
it was really popular 6 months ago or um
and then the other piece is that on all
these different networks because of
rights issues that all these services
are not friends. So Reddit has a
relationship with chat GPT and OpenAI.
Cloud does not. Cloud has no access to
Reddit. Okay. X only gives access to
Grock. Okay. Gemini gives access to
YouTube. No one gets access to Tik Tok
and no one gets access to Instagram. Um
GitHub is not crawled very well even
though it's very easy to crawl. Uh Dig,
what the hell is Dig? There's a new dig
and it's great and no one even knows
about it, but it's built into last 30
days.
>> Yes.
>> And uh then I don't even know how to
pronounce R
archive. A RXIV.
Uh but the the papers there are
unbelievable. Techm poly market and so
there's
when I built this thing in January the
magic behind it was a limit stuff to the
last 30 days and b you could just plug
in your own API keys. So you could plug
in in cloud this is how the original
last 30 days worked. was very simple was
it used defaults with cloud code and it
would use your X API key and it would
use your open AI API key to get access
to Reddit and that's it. It was just
those those three sources default claude
x API key and Reddit via chatgptt and we
were the only place in the world in the
world where you could get data from all
three of those places and it was crazy
and so I built it on a Sunday literally
on the ski mountain because I wanted to
build it for myself. I had never
submitted any open- source software to
anything in my entire life. Who knows if
I put it up properly on GitHub, but I
just I launched it and I made a video
because these agentic video platforms
were very easy to use. I'm obsessed with
hyperframes now, but at the time I was
using Remotion and I put it out there
and I didn't have that many followers. I
think I had like 10,000 followers, which
again is it's not zero, but like I was
very inactive. That was like a very slow
10,000 followers over like 15 years
>> or however old my ex account is. and I
launched it and we got a million views
and we got a bunch of stars and people
liked it and then people started
submitting PRs and I'm like what's a PR
and had to learn all these people
sometimes breaking my entire app and
other people adding a ton of value and
then obviously it's evolved has over
50,000 stars now and it's a uh wonderful
product
>> and people like it
>> and now do I still need to put in all my
API keys in order to get access to these
different sites?
>> No. And yes, it's a mix. So, what's
what's interesting is people started
submitting ways to get around putting in
API keys. U and so there's there's
what's interesting is there's a lot of
interesting um scraper content out there
on the internet. So, there's one product
called Scrape Creators, which I'd say is
the most valuable API key to get. And so
scrape creators will give you access to
Tik Tok and Tik Tok comments give you
access to Instagram and Instagram
comments uh will get you access to uh to
Reddit and it's um and so just by paying
for one API key and if you sign up for
last 30 days through sorry scrape
creators create through last 30 days CLI
I think you get like almost like $80
worth of credits for free which is
awesome. That's only available to last
30 days community. By the way I make no
money off that that referral. I just
whenever someone offers to do something
cool or offer me any kickbacks or
anything for the last 30 days, I just
say just give that value to the
community. Like I'm I'm not trying to
monetize this right now.
>> Last 30 days. It never told me that I
could do that. It never told me that I
can go and sign up for anything else. It
just said, "Okay, you asked me to use
the tool Claude says and now I've used
it. Here's what I got for you."
>> So what what's funny? So that that's
that's that sucks by the way. And I
think that's a bit of that is is agents
running rogue. What's really interesting
about about Claude and and Codex and all
all LLMs is they think they could do
anything and so a lot of times they fake
it. So I've I I literally was with
someone yesterday who was showing me
their last 30 days experience and I was
like you're literally not running last
30 days and it's like Claude says I am
and like literally Claude is just
pretending that it's going to go on the
internet and search a bunch of stuff and
say this is all from slashl last 30 days
and it literally like made it up what
last 30 days. I've literally seen it do
that before.
>> I can imagine,
>> which is wild.
>> Okay, so then there's no way for me to
test to make sure that I'm using it to
the best of its power.
>> There's there's a new doctor mode that
came out yesterday that you could try
that'll tell you what stuff is synced up
and and what is not. But I uh I'd say
that the things that make it really
magical
>> just like to keep it really easy. Like
there's not that many things is number
one, make sure that uh it has found your
X cookie. So you're logged into X. So
you're getting X content, right? And by
the way, that's how it's getting X
content without my API. What it's doing
is it's getting the cookie from the
computer. As long as I'm logged into X,
it's basically being treated like me,
the user, getting data. Got it. Yep.
>> Yes. So, that's one thing. Make sure
that's working. And if your if your
system is too secure and you're just
like, I don't want it to steal my
cookies, then like you don't get that
feature.
>> I just spent a bunch of time on the new
user experience. And so, all this stuff
happens automatically if you sign up
from scratch. So if you just delete file
and say I want to install last 30 days
from scratch, it'll automatically like
run you through a wizard to kind of put
you in a good spot. So take your X
cookies first. The next thing is
download I forget what it's called, but
it's this unofficial YouTube CLI.
>> Okay,
>> that allows you to get transcripts. So
just download that one. uh download the
dig CLI from the printing press,
download the tech meme CLI from the
printing press, and then that uh the
archive one uh for the papers. Uh
download that one from the printing
press and it downloads all those CLIs
and then get a scrape creators key and
your experience will be magical.
>> Okay, I'm going to try that. Let's take
a look at the results as you've got
them. And so the idea is this while
you're loading it up is you're saying
there are a handful of sites that really
matter for information that's current X
of course Reddit etc. Those sites are
being blocked by various places. If you
want your agent to be able to access all
of them this is the one tool that's
going to bring everything together to
enable you to access it. And we're going
to see a few examples of what can happen
with that.
>> So it was previewed to roughly 20
vetteds and went public today after the
Trump administration lifted
restrictions. The pulse across 22 Reddit
threads, 31 expost, and 1.1 million
YouTube views. Fable 5 is the model
people fell in love with and then lost.
GPT56 is the model people watched from
outside. Theo's 124K video on GPD 56
drew the framing that stuck. And the top
comment is, "We are watching early
access like peasants outside a castle."
>> Having said that, you ran that today.
We're recording July 9th. That's not a
today news. That's a little bit dated,
right?
Uh, so the I don't have 56 yet. Do you?
>> Oh, I thought we were talking about
Fable. Yes, you're right. I don't have
it. It did get released today. Okay.
>> I I asked Codeex to check every hour if
it had it yet. And it said it couldn't
do that, which made me very sad. I'm
like, it's 2026. Codeex, you can't just
check your own model every hour. And it
it built a script that like would give
me a Mac OS notific. I'm like, "No, just
update yourself when it's time."
>> All right. So, fair point. It did pull
up latest information. What else does it
have that I that I couldn't get
otherwise?
>> Yeah. So, I one of the magical things is
the comments. Like, usually on Tik Tok,
YouTube, and Instagram, and Reddit, like
the top comment is usually great, right?
And this is literally how I feel. I feel
like everyone in my X feed has been
using GPT56 except me. And so this Zul
UI we are watching early access user
like peasants outside of cast. I am that
peasant right now. Like it it it it
pains me that I I am that peasant. Let's
see. Strengths of Fable 5. Uh genuinely
different capability or saying Fable 5
has oneot me would be a criminal
understatement. Perth Theo's guide who
says going back to Obus4 GBD5 left him
running in circles. Um let's see what
else was fun. uh weaknesses, the costs
are eyewatering, the frustration pushing
people towards the rival. That's a big
deal breaker for me. I really hope GPT56
smokes Fable 5 so we don't have to deal
with this behavior from Enthropic. So
then it'll show the head-to-head
comparison. And then the bottom line,
choose this and the emerging stack is
the community isn't picking one. It's
routing.
And so for me, I'm kind of my plan of
record is I want to use Fable 5 for all
my routing and then I want to send
everything to GPT to do the work.
>> Essentially what we are seeing is that
people who've used it are coming around
to saying this is great and by routing I
mean have Fable 5 be the brain and then
it routes the work to other models and
5.6 from uh uh codeex 5.6 is what will
be one of the workers. That's what we're
seeing. Absolutely. And that's that's
that's what I want. That's my dream. And
I I've built a lot of my systems where I
I already had this prefable 5 where I
was sending most my coding work to to
codeex mostly because I I run out of my
cloud usage every week. But my codecs,
it's very difficult for me to run out.
And so kind of using that combo within
cloud code as my my base has been my my
my magical way of doing things. And I'm
excited to to upgrade this.
>> All right, let's see an example. All
right, so the next new thing is the AI
era reinvention of Andrew Warner and the
pivot is complete. In February, he told
subscribers his Bootstrap Giants
newsletter was becoming something new
because his AI company focus needed its
own brand.
>> Wow.
>> Today is the Zap Zap year presented
podcast newsletter and YouTube channel
pitched as the podcast for AI creators
by the ultra pushy interviewer. And this
one's output shows he's living that
pitch. the guru skewering Dan Mattel
episode. Dan Martell episode is the
month's biggest swing.
>> I I don't know if I agree with that, but
that is kind of interesting. Actually,
there was a little bit of skewering of
Dan Martell's um ideas on how to make
money with AI. I wouldn't have said it
that way, but um I think that's fair.
>> Every single day, thousands of internet
gurus tell you how to make money with
AI, but 99 are full of it. Most of them
haven't made a single dollar with AI. He
pushes back on Martell. Ouch. What are
you doing to Dan? I like Dan. I've known
Dan for like 15 years. Apparently,
you're skewering him, says last 30 days.
>> I like Dan a lot. What we did was we
looked at I he had a video about 14
different ways to make money with AI.
And I brought a founder on who had just
done $4.5 million with as an AI
consultant who was also building
software. I said, "Look, just call Balls
and Strikes here. Is he right? Is he
wrong?" And the guy on a few of Dan
Martell's ideas said, "Actually, this is
not really this is this is not really a
good idea. I don't know why Dan is
hyping it up. That's where you might say
there's a little bit of scaring.
>> There you go. But okay, it's giving you
agree with it, right?
>> And then the the new AI drops news
roundup format is quietly becoming the
fan favorite
>> covered oneclick open cloud setups, open
router cost savings and claimed read
like the conversion moment. Really guys,
I think this has become one of my
favorite podcasts. I don't miss it, says
Sam 9179.
>> the guest roster is revenue recedes
first.
>> Let's pause here for a moment.
I I do see how this is valuable. Does it
just sit in your app in Camox, which is
what you're using to connect to to
Claude? How do you how do you get this
into your workflow now that it's here?
>> Yeah. So, my workflows exist in CMOX in
in cloud code. So, often what what I'll
do so like again, if I'm going to do
like I'm literally meeting with you
right now. Yeah. I run something like
this whether I tell you or not.
>> But it's not an automation. You can't
now now that you've got this, you can't
hook it into Hermes and have Hermes add
it to your calendar or something else
like that.
>> Sure, you you can
>> So I would just give Hermes last 30 days
the way that I give Claude code. Am I
>> Yeah. So the way to think about it is um
is so last 30 days runs runs in Hermes
runs in OpenClaw and a lot of the magic
of Hermes and OpenClaw is cron jobs. So
just like automatically when this
thing's happening or on a regular basis,
send me last 30 days on my competitors
or or things like that. And so kind of
I'm just demoing kind of the the vanilla
cloud code skill, but you know, setting
this up within your workflows is is a
lot of the magic.
>> You know, one of the things that I saw
you demonstrated on Greg Eisenberg's uh
podcast was you said, "I want to write
cold email, but I know that what works
in cold email changes monthto monthth. I
use this to figure out what's working
right now and then it basically noticed
that some people were showing off about
approaches that worked and then it and
that's how you uh that's what you pulled
out using last 30 days and then it
helped you write an email that I thought
was a pretty damn good email. Do you
have other use cases like that where
you're using last 30 days for more than
just research?
>> Yeah, so um that's a good question. So
prompting to like again a very magical
one is like GPT images just came out
right the new version came out a few
weeks ago and so it's like okay what do
I how do I write my prompts now I know
for Nano Banana Pro it was JSON but the
thing is one of my the most magical
thing is I actually don't care about
learning about the new prompts
>> and the way last 30 days is designed is
it'll be like okay I'm now expert in uh
GPT images new model what do you want to
make and I'm like oh well my kids of
course want a a donkey riding a bicycle.
Like, what else would they want? And
it's just here's the prompt. And I just
copy paste. I don't even have to look at
it. I don't have to learn it. Is it
JSON? Is it plain English? I don't care.
Like, I just want the best data from the
last 30 days of the best experts
>> to be able to automatically
know for my use case how to do that. And
so, I think that works for any piece of
software. I think it works whenever I'm
trying to decide like okay I need to
start sending emails right like what is
like the latest email like the hottest
email you know backend right now is it
still send grid I don't know right and
so I will ask a question like that and
then it'll tell me a few of them and
then I'm like okay tell me send grid
versus this versus that and then it runs
the report
>> and then usually it's very obvious um
another one was
>> um I wanted to
Google's CLI um and to access my email
and do some yes some some spreadsheet
work from cloud code
>> and I noticed that Peter Steinberger had
his GOG CLI that he made a long time ago
and then I had seen the press release
that Google had officially released CLI
months later and so I said last 30 days
do GOG CLI versus Google's CLI and I
assumed that it would tell me to use
Google's because they had they got to
see Peter's and then And I ran it and it
was like 10 times out of 10 you should
use Peter Steinberger's. It's way better
designed for agents from the start. And
that that's actually literally that
prompt and that exploration when I just
wanted to use Google in my command line
led to me creating the printing press
because that just blew my mind that a
you know not just called Peter
Steinberger a fan or some random dev
like he's Peter Steinberger he's the
goat of this but like he just wanted a
Google CLI and it was frustrating him
that what was out there wasn't good
enough so he built it himself and that's
>> and he could build one that's better
than the one that Google itself built.
Yes. And that's what by the way
>> months later months later
>> months later they did it. And by the way
when that hit verality on X I got the
guy who uh who was fired by Google for
having created this or let's say after
he created it. I got him on to do an
interview with me. It took over a
freaking hour for him to help me get my
Hermes agent up and running using
Google's workspace using this the
official CLI. And in the end we still
couldn't get it. and we said, "Okay,
it's just not going to be a good
interview if it's going to take me over
an hour with the guy who created it."
And we gave up and I moved on. And it's
interesting that you got that answer
just using your research. Okay. So, it's
what tools are working, what new
approaches are working, what new prompts
are working, and what it's doing is it's
querying all these different sites and
then seeing what are real users, what
are people saying, and let the community
vote it up. Got it. Okay. One final
thing. You have some kind of Kanye West
thing. want to bring that up and show
the Kanye West uh
>> have some sort of Kanye West thing. Uh I
just it's always it's always fun to to
to run a Kanye West uh in last 30 days
because he's always very interesting and
entertaining in the last 30 days. So
he's mid-stadium tour. The concert clips
are eating Tik Tok alive. Yay planned a
surprise July 4th at San Antonio's Alamo
Dome. Uh, it was a euphoric experience
and a San Antonio realtor at the show
gushed, "Kanye is a true musical
artistic genius."
>> He's back. He's performing at big
arenas.
>> Yeah, he's back.
>> Look at that.
>> Um, and Al Albania is paying 4 million
euros of public money for his July 11th
concert. The country is in the streets
over it. That's interesting. All the
love went single in the bully area is
still compounding. The Andrew Trapman
Talkbox track I'll bully just got a
standalone single. My daughter loves
that song by the way. And the betting
money says the chaos is cooling. Poly
market has a Kanye Bianca separation at
just 6.5%
down 16% this month and it's only a 5.5%
odds he says something anti-Semitic by
August 31st. Real Money is betting on a
quiet tour focused summer. Like how good
is that? Like how in a search would you
ever find something like that? And
what's hilarious is I run this query all
the time just because it's always
entertaining. And it's been at like 25%
chance they split up like for months and
somehow all the better said, "You know
what? They seem fine. They're happy."
So, we'll of course have a link to last
30 days below. And um if you like Matt's
uh very open- source project here, I've
got a list of the top 10 recent open
source projects. Click below and I'll
see you in
