What if the financial system were
rebuilt for the 21st century? You'd want
it to operate 24/7. You'd want global
access. You'd want instant settlement.
And if you thought about it long enough,
you'd probably conclude that blockchain
was the right technology to use for
that. The project I'm going to give an
overview of today is aiming to do
exactly that. And it's already succeeded
in generating hundreds of millions of
dollars in revenue. I'm speaking, of
course, about Hyperlid. Now, this isn't
the first time I've covered Hyperlquid
on this channel. I've probably made a
dozen videos about it at this point, but
this video is going to be different.
This is a comprehensive analysis of what
Hyperlid is, where it stands today, and
most importantly, its strategic
positioning for the future. If you're
trying to understand whether Hyperlid is
still a compelling investment in 2026,
or if its best days are behind it, this
is exactly the video you need. Now,
let's get into it.
Let's start with the basics. What
exactly is Hyperlquid? At its core,
Hyperlquid is three things. First, it's
the leading perpetual futures index in
crypto. You want to trade crypto
derivatives without using a centralized
exchange. Then there's a good chance
that you would conclude that Hyperlid
was the place to do it, as many users
have before. It's where the plurality of
volume happens. Second, it's its own
layer 1 blockchain, which means it's not
built on Ethereum or Salana or anything
else. It's a standalone chain with its
own validator set and now its own set of
ecosystem applications, hundreds of
them. Third, and this is where it gets
interesting, it has the eventual goal of
becoming quote the blockchain to house
all finance, a decentralized exchange
for assets, not just crypto. That means
commodities, equities, and more. That
last part sounds ambitious, and it is.
But here's the thing. They are already
making real progress on it. We're going
to talk about that later in this video.
All right, let's talk numbers because
one of the things that I appreciate
about Hyperlid, and I think that many
others do as well, is that they actually
have real revenue to analyze here.
They've generated hundreds of millions
of dollars since launching. And here's
what's really interesting. From July to
December of 2025, Hyperlid's market cap
dropped about 60%. From 14 billion down
to $6 billion. But here's the thing.
There was an opportunity there because
monthly revenue only dropped about 30%
over that same period from $90 million
down to $60 million. And then in
January, revenue actually grew again to
$70 million while market cap only rose
to 7 billion. So what does this tell us?
The market cap has been more volatile
than the underlying business. And unlike
many businesses in crypto, in
Hyperlquid's case, their business is not
necessarily contingent on the token that
deres value from it, the actual revenue
generating machine has been more
resilient than the token price would
suggest. And I think that disconnect is
something that's worth paying attention
to. For the first time in DeFi, we have
businesses that can be assessed by their
fundamentals and that you can actually
make a value based investment thesis on.
Now, Hyperlquid also receives
significant value from its layer 1
blockchain separate from the Perex. If
you look at the assets on chain
currently, there are over $4.5 billion
in stable coins on the Hyperlquid layer
1 and over $1.5 billion in total value
locked in Hyperlid DeFi applications.
There are over 100 applications live on
the chain, some with hundreds of
millions of dollars deposited. And
here's a key point with that. Chains
with similar metrics are worth billions
of dollars on their own. So remember, we
talked about Hyperlid being potentially
a value play just based on its perex
business and then you throw in the fact
that it has comps in the layer one space
based on its fundamentals there. So now
you're essentially getting two products
in one token. All right, now let's talk
market share because one of the things
to watch that I've mentioned in previous
analysis of this project is whether they
could hold up against competitive
challenges in the perex space. And one
thing that I think makes their revenue
more notable is that it's been
relatively resilient despite serious
challenges from competitors in the
second half of 2025. The perpet space
has gotten more competitive. You can see
that across the numbers. Uh you've got
new entrance, you've got existing
players improving their products. Uh and
many of these existing players are
backed or new players are backed by huge
huge industry participants. And so
Hyperlid has had to defend its position.
But in recent weeks, Hyperliquid's share
of Perex volume has actually started to
climb again, breaking 25% for the first
time in months. And that's notable
because it suggests that despite the
competition, Hyperl is either holding
its ground or gaining ground or gaining
background that it lost when competitors
were running airdrops programs. Then if
you look at open interest, which is
another way to measure the size of these
platforms, volume is going to be based
on activity. Open interest is going to
be based on liquidity. Then Hyperlquid's
market share has held steady at around
50% for months. 50% market share of
Perex open interest is dominance. That's
not a project that has lost its
competitive position. By the way, I
listed Hyperlid as one of my top
investments for 2026 in my Substack
posts last month before the recent price
move. Check out the link in the
description. And I actually created a
valuation framework for Hyperlquid all
the way back in 2024 that walks through
how to think about the token's value
relative to revenue. Moral of the story,
if you want to learn about DeFi
investments before they pump, check out
my Substack at newsletter.dfi.com.
Next, let's talk unlocks. So, last month
in my video about Hyperlquid, I
mentioned that unlocks were the main
risk to Hyperlquid's price. Team tokens
unlocking and potentially being sold
were putting downward pressure on the
price, and people were worried about how
much selling there would be. Now, here
is an update. The situation seems to be
improving. unlocks were just reduced.
Only 140,000 team tokens were unlocked
this month compared to 1.2 million last
month. That is a significant reduction
in potential sell pressure and likely a
amount of sell pressure that can be
counteracted by Vex. So that doesn't
mean unlocks are over and you should
still monitor this going forward to see
whether they increase again. But it
appears for now at least that the worst
of the unlock pressure is decreasing and
it's a positive development for holders.
Whenever there's some sort of risk that
gets taken away, that's a positive
development, especially if the other
fundamentals look good. All right, so
we've established that Hyperlid is the
leading perex for digital assets. But
where is the opportunity for the future?
Because if it's already leading, how
could it grow in the future? And if the
market for D5 perpetuals is saturated or
Hyperlid already has 25 to 50% market
share, where exactly is that growth
going to come from? I see three main
opportunities, three opportunities for
how Hyperlid could grow. Opportunity one
is competing with centralized exchanges.
Despite their growth, dexes are still
the small minority of crypto derivatives
volume. The vast majority of crypto
futures trading happens on centralized
exchanges like Binance or Bybit. So
there's still room for significant
growth simply by taking more market
share from centralized exchanges, even
if Hyperlid just maintains its share of
DeFi exchanges. And with regulatory
pressure on centralized exchanges
increasing and a best-in-class product
experience on hyperlquid that's only
getting better, I think this shift is
likely to continue. The second
opportunity would be to expand into
non-crypto assets and in fact this is
already happening and I think this may
be the most interesting highest
potential opportunity of the three.
Recently, Hyperlid's HIP3 upgrade made
new markets permissionless to launch. So
what this means is that anyone with the
resources can now deploy a perpetual
futures market on hyperlquid and they
don't need the team's permission or the
team to be driving the process. And the
result of this is that it's brought
futures for assets like silver, gold,
Nvidia stock and the Japanese yen onto
Hyperlid. Some of these most notably
silver have attracted billions of
dollars in daily volume recently and in
fact become some of the most active
markets on the entire platform. So think
about what that means. people are
trading silver futures on a
decentralized exchange. That's a
different user base and a much larger
total addressable market than the
typical crypto traders. Opportunity 3
would be Hyperlid's upcoming expansion
into prediction markets and other
options. More recently, Hyperlid
announced their next expansion, which is
prediction markets, binary options, uh,
and other options related projects. This
is the upcoming HIPP4 upgrade, which
will introduce prediction markets that
settle in Hyperlquid's native USDH
stable coin, as well as other fully
collateralized contracts that settle in
a fixed range. Prediction markets are
one of the most ontrend crypto use cases
right now. Poly Market and Cali both
command multi-billion dollar valuations.
And if Hyperlid can become a dominant
player on that front, like they have
with derivatives, it could push their
valuation significantly higher. Remember
we already talked about how their
current valuation is a combination of
their perex business, their layer 1. Now
you would be adding a prediction market
business as well. There are some risks
with this however. So one thing that
I'll be watching is whether any binary
options products that hyperlquid
launches cannibalize their existing per
usage or if they add net new users. If
it's mostly the same users trading
different products, that is fine. but it
doesn't really expand the pie and it's
possible that options will be less
profitable than running a derivatives
business. If it brings in new users on
the other hand who weren't trading perks
before, that is a much bigger deal. By
the way, if you want to try out Hyperlid
yourself, there's an affiliate link down
in the description. Using that really
helps the channel out. And if you're not
sure how to get started, I created a
Substack guide that walks through
exactly how to use Hyperlid from
depositing funds to placing your first
trade. that's also linked in the video
description. So, let's bring this all
together. Hyperlid in 2026 is the
dominant perex, a growing layer 1
ecosystem and increasingly a platform
for trading non-crypto assets like
silver. The revenue has been resilient
even as the token price has been
volatile and market share has held
steady or improved in recent months.
Unlock pressure is decreasing and the
road map includes expansion into
prediction markets and options. Is it
without risk? Absolutely not. Crypto
markets are highly unpredictable.
Industry-wide volumes can drop along
with market sentiment. Competition is
fierce and execution always matters,
especially for a young project. But my
opinion is that if one is looking for a
protocol with real revenue and a clear
competitive moat as well as potential
growth factors in the future, Hyperlid
checks all of those boxes and remains
one of the more compelling investments
in DeFi. Remember though that this isn't
financial advice and you should still do
your own research which this video is
hopefully helpful for before you make
any decisions for yourself. If you want
more fundamentals based crypto analysis
like this, check out my substack at
newsletter.dynamodi.com.
I'm going to keep pushing that because I
know the content is so good. And if you
found this video helpful, be sure to
like and subscribe so YouTube shows you
more like it. Till next time, this is
Dynamo Diva.